Remove streamer from whisper sample (#27591)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/learn-openvino/llm_inference_guide/genai-guide/genai-use-cases.rst

         def infer(model_dir: str, wav_file_path: str):

>              device = "CPU"  # GPU, NPU can be used as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             device = "CPU"  # GPU or NPU can be used as well.
```

             pipe = openvino_genai.WhisperPipeline(model_dir, device)

>              # Pipeline expects normalized audio with Sample Rate of 16kHz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             # The pipeline expects normalized audio with a sampling rate of 16kHz.
```

             std::filesystem::path models_path = argv[1];
             std::string wav_file_path = argv[2];

>              std::string device = "CPU";  // GPU, NPU can be used as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             std::string device = "CPU";  // GPU or NPU can be used as well.
```

             ov::genai::WhisperPipeline pipeline(models_path, device);

             ov::genai::WhisperGenerationConfig config(models_path / "generation_config.json");
             config.max_new_tokens = 100;
             config.language = "<|en|>";
             config.task = "transcribe";
             config.return_timestamps = true;

>              // Pipeline expects normalized audio with Sample Rate of 16kHz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             // The pipeline expects normalized audio with a sampling rate of 16kHz.
```
